The five-minute heartbeats the digital delay. Why? You must wait after you
submit your receipt or the void in Cooper, you might want to check SAP
immediately but hold on. Why the weight Cooper and sap are separate systems?
They don't update instantly the five minute sink. Cycle is like baking a cake.
You can't open the oven door every second to check. If it's done, you
have to wait for the system to bake your entry before it's ready and
sap. Your rule wait at least five minutes after submitting in Cooper before.
Checking sap your confirmation. If you check too early, the record won't be
there. You are waiting for the system to generate a material document number. A
unique ID, usually starting with 5000. It's like seeing that done light on the
other supplemental timer what happens if you check SAP to soon before the cake
is baked,